Datatypes
in JS we primitive and Non-primititve Datatype

primititve Datatype::
..Primitive types also have their wrapper objects.
..we can see the type of any variable using typeof(variable_name);

1)Number
2)Strings
3)Boolean
4)Undefined
5)NUll
6)Symbols (ES6)

Number::
    ..JavaScript numbers are always stored as double precision floating point numbers in 64 bit.
    ..the number (mantissa/fractional part) is stored in bit 0 to 51, the exponent in bit 52 to 62, and the sign in bit 63
    ..if we try operation of number with a anything that is no a number we get the NaN value wiz reserved word.

String::
    ..strings are group of character
    .. we can have string using single quote string double quote string backtick quote string i.e. template string for 
        multiline statement and displaying of values (ES6 feature)
    ..we can also cereate string using new operator 

Boolean::
    ..Boolean Datatype have only two literls i.e. true and false
    ..these two literals are like true--1 and false--0 in numbers
    ..these can be used for flags mostly.

Undefined::
    ..Undefined is the Datatype for the variable that is exist but doesnt hava a value.
    ..in the dom if an element is not exist then it is considered to be an undefined
    ..we cannot read property of Undefined but we can compare it with undefined.

NUll::
    ..typeof undefined--> "undefined"
    .. typeof null--> "object" 
    ..undefined==null --> true
    ..undefined===null--> false

Symbols::
    ..symbols are used for private and unique properties.
    ..symbolscan be created with the Symbol constructor like
    ..let sym1=new Symbol("NewSymbol")
    ..text in "" is description for the symbol
    ..we must use symbol with [ ] like
    ..let sym1=new Symbol("NewSymbol")
    ..AnyObject[sym]="This is value"


Non-Primitive:: 
    non primititve datatype in the JS are objects 
..objects can be created with the Object constructor but there are also vsrious ways to create the objects
